
This “Privacy Policy” governs your use of this website (including the mobile site or app), and any interactive features, applications, and/or other services that we make available through a site that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, referred to as the “Site”).

This Privacy Policy describes what information  Shawati ALshawayah collects about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and under what circumstances we share it with third parties. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices you can make about how we use your information. To the extent we provide you notice on our Site of different or additional privacy policies or practices (e.g., at the point of our collection), those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use. In addition, please review the Site’s Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Site. By using our Site, you consent to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

1. Collection of Information
1.1 Information You Provide to Us

1.1.1 We may ask you to provide us: (1) your first and last name, email address, home address, phone number, credit or debit card number, or other information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally (hereinafter “Personal Information”); or (2) demographic information, such as information like your postal code (“Demographic Information”). We may collect this information from you such as when you:

(a) Submit account registration forms;

(b) Sign up or request to be placed on our mailing, SMS text and/or email marketing lists;

(c) Place an order through the Site;

(d) Participate in a survey or Promotion (defined in Section 3(e) below);

(e) Contact us regarding a question or concern;

(f) Otherwise interact with the Site.

1.1.2 If you choose not to provide this requested information you may not be able to take advantage of all of the Site’s features or our services.

1.1. Information We Collect When You Use the Site

1.1.3 In addition to information that you choose to submit to us, we or our Service Providers (as defined herein) may automatically collect and store certain information when you visit or interact with the Site (“Usage Information”). This Usage Information may be stored and/or accessed from your personal computer, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a “Device”) whenever you visit or interact with our Site. Usage Information may include:

(a) your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”);

(b) your Device browser, operating system and mobile network information;

(c) the areas within our Site that you visit and your activities there, including remembering you and your preferences;

(d) your general location; and

(e) certain other Device data, including the time of day you visit our Site, among other information.

1.1.4 We may use various methods and technologies to collect and store Usage Information, such as:

(a) Cookies. A cookie is a file placed on a Device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information on your Device. Our Site may use HTTP cookies, HTML5 cookies, Flash cookies and other types of cookie technology to store information on local storage. Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some (but not all) instances can be blocked by selecting certain settings. Each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options. Please note that these tools may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies or HTML5 cookies. For information on disabling Flash cookies, visit www.adobe.com. Please understand that if you disable or remove any type of cookie, some parts of our Site may not function properly.

(b) Web Beacons. A Web Beacon is a small tag (which may be invisible to you) that may be placed on our Site’s pages and in messages. Web beacons may be used by us for a number of purposes, including to count visitors to the Site, to monitor how users navigate the Site, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular links were actually viewed.

(c) Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Site, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

(d) ETag, or entity tag. An Etag or entity tag is a feature of the cache in browsers. It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL. If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned. Used in this manner ETags are a form of Device Identifier. ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash and/or HTML5 cookies.

1.1.5 We may use the above technologies (or ones we incorporate in the future) for a variety of purposes, including:

(a) Prevention of fraudulent activity and improved security functionality.

(b) To assess the performance of the Site.

(c) To offer you enhanced functionality when accessing the Site, including identifying you when you sign in to our Site or keeping track of your specified preferences.

(d) To deliver content relevant to your interests on our Site and third party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements and/or content.

1.2 Location-Based Information Our Site (including our mobile apps) may use location-based services to verify your location, deliver you relevant content and/or advertising based on your location, as well as to share your location with our service providers as part of the location-based (e.g. delivery) services we offer. You have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your Internet browser or mobile device, or by following the standard uninstall process and removing all  Shawati ALshawayah applications from your mobile device.

1.3 Information We Collect From Third Parties We may also receive information about you from your friends and other third parties, and combine or link that information with information we have about you. To the extent we combine information we receive from third parties with your Personal Information, the combined information, unless disclosed otherwise, will be treated as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. In no other circumstances will this Privacy Policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties.

1.4 Information We Collect When You Interact with Third-Party Sites The Site may allow certain kinds of interactions between the Site and your account on a third-party site or application. The use of this functionality may involve the third party site providing information, including Personal Information, to us. For example, when you register with the Site, you may have an option to use your Facebook account to facilitate the registration or transaction process on the Site. If you choose to use this functionality, the third-party site may send Personal Information about you to us. If so, we will treat this information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may provide links on the Site to facilitate sending a communication from the Site. For example, we may use third parties to facilitate emails, Tweets or Facebook postings. These third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or activities and these third parties’ practices are not subject to our Privacy Policy. You should review the applicable third party privacy policies before using such tools.

1.5 Information You Provide About a Third Party You may send someone else a communication from the Site, such as sending an invitation to a friend. If so, the information you provide (names, email addresses, mobile number, etc.) will be used to facilitate the communication and will not be used for marketing purposes unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our Site, your email address, mobile number, name or username and message may be included in the communication sent to your addressee(s). Some of these tools may be third-party tools subject to third-party privacy policies.

2. How We Use the Information We Collect
2.1 We may use your Personal Information, Demographic Information or Usage Information for various purposes, including, but not limited to, the following:

(a) Improving the effectiveness of our Site, marketing endeavors and service offerings;

(b) Site registration;

(c) Processing and completing purchase, return, and similar transactions;

(d) Providing customer service;

(e) Sending you direct mail offerings;

(f) Sending you email communications such as SMS delivery messages, electronic newsletters about our Products and Promotions;

(g) Sending you email about orders you have made on the Site;

(h) Enabling you to participate in the Site’s features such as surveys and Promotions;

(i) Providing mobile marketing messages and service messages;

(j) For internal business purposes; and

(k) For purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.

3. Sharing of Information with Third Parties
3.1 We may share your Personal Information, Demographic Information or Usage Information with third parties under various circumstances, including, but not limited to, the following:

3.1.1 When You Request We Share With Third Parties. We may share information with third parties at your request. In the event we do so, all information we disclose will be subject to the privacy policies and practices of such third parties. In addition, the third parties may store, collect or otherwise have access to your information when you interact with their technologies, content or apps on our Site or link to them from our Site. This may include using third-party tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest or other third-party posting or content sharing tools. We are not responsible for the practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review such third-party privacy policies prior to interacting with them.

3.1.2 Third Parties Providing Services to  Shawati ALshawayah. We may use third party service providers (“Service Providers”) to perform certain services, such as: (a) to assist us in delivery operations; (b) to manage a database of customer information; (c) hosting the Site; (d) designing and/or operating the Site’s features; (e) tracking the Site’s activities and analytics; (f) enabling us to send you special offers or perform other administrative services; (g) to allow you to participate in live chat on the Site; and (h) other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. We may provide third parties with access to your information to carry out the services they are performing for us. Third-party analytics and other service providers such as Google Analytics may set and access their own technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you. These service providers use the technology described above to help us analyze how users use the Site. We are not responsible for those third party technologies or activities arising out of them. However, some third parties may offer you certain choices regarding their practices. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties’ opt-out options.

3.1.3 To Protect the Rights of  Shawati ALshawayah and our Users. We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: (i) protect or defend the rights, safety or property of  Shawati ALshawayah or third parties (including through the enforcement of this Policy, our Terms of Use, and other applicable agreements and policies); or (ii) comply with legal and regulatory obligations (e.g., pursuant to governmental inquiries or orders).

3.1.4 Affiliates and Business Transfer. We may share your information with our  Shawati ALshawayah Restaurants, subsidiaries, and affiliates. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Site; or (ii) in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including during the course of any due diligence process.

3.1.5 Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions. We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) through the Site, in the Stores or through one of our social media pages that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice and likeness in advertising associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winner’s list.

3.1.6 Analytics The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. The information shared with these third parties includes: - App version information - Usage data (screens viewed, items added to cart, locale) - IP - Mobile ad ID, IDfV ID (iOS) or Android ID, instance ID, and Analytics app instance ID for analytics purposes

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
- Google Play Services

https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/

- Google Analytics for Firebase

https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics

4. Information You Disclose Publicly
4.1 User Content and Public Information. The Site may permit you to submit ideas, photographs, videos, audio recordings, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including Personal Information (collectively, “User Content”), on blogs and message boards and other public forums, as well as in connection with our Site’s review service. We or others may store, display, publish, distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format and may or may not attribute the User Content to you. Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties. Please note that  Shawati ALshawayah does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any information that you make publicly available on the Site or what others do with information you share with them on the Site.

5. Interest-Based Advertising
5.1 You may see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks administered by third parties. These networks track your online activities over time, and across third party websites and online services, by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of the technologies described in the “Information We Collect When You Use the Site” Section above, and they use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests. The information they collect includes information about your visits to our Site, such as the pages you have viewed or the food you have ordered. This ad targeting takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad network. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We and our service providers, including Google, use first party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as a DoubleClick cookie) together to report how our internet advertising methods are related to your related to visits to the Site. To learn more about how to opt out of DoubleClick’s use of cookies, visit the DoubleClick opt-out page.

5.2 Also, some third parties, such as companies that offer Internet browsers, have developed signals (e.g., browser do not track signals) that give you a choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms offered by Internet browsers.

6. Third-Party Content and Links to Third-Party Sites
6.1 The Site may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect Usage Information and your Device Identifier when pages from the Site are served to you. We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties. For example, if you “click” on a link, the “click” may take you off the Site onto a different site. These other sites may independently collect data about you and may or may not have their own published privacy policies.

7. Security
7.1 We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Site, and you provide us with your information at your own risk.

8. Updating Your Information and Choices
8.1 You may update or correct information about you through the Site’s account registration forms. You may opt out of receiving promotional mail, emails and/or text messages from us by sending an email to [EMAIL]. Please be sure to include your current information and the requested changes you would like us to make to your marketing profile in your communication. You may also cancel or modify our email marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional emails.

8.2 Please allow 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from  Shawati ALshawayah. Please note that we will retain your information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. Also, if you have made any public postings on the Site such as in user comment sections of the Site, these communications cannot generally be removed.

8.3 Please note that we may still send you certain communications relating to your account or use of our Site, such as administrative and service announcements and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from receiving our marketing communications.

8.4 If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, or practices described in it, you may also use the information above to contact us.

9. Changes to the Privacy Policy
9.1 We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your use of our Site indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use.

10. Return Policy
Dear customer,
please note that you can cancel the order during the first two minutes after placing it, and this is through pressing the cancel button.
You can also contact customer care for help.
